ACORN Brighton are hosting a training day to train new organisers to build our renters' union. 

Brighton's housing is in crisis. The average rent for a one bedroom flat is over £900 per month and over £600 per month for even a single room in a shared house. 37 per cent of these homes are in sub-standard condition. Thousands of us are in temporary accommodation and the amount of us sleeping rough on our streets continues to grow. With rent prices increasing by between 10 and 20 per cent a year many of us are just one pay-check away from homelessness. We need to fight back!

ACORN Brighton have been doing just that - fighting back! We have already had some impressive victories, winning over £66,000 for our members from landlords. And all this has been achieved in just 2 months! So imagine what we can achieve in 2018?

We want to build a mass-membership organisation able to mobilise winning campaigns, help support and defend each other against exploitative landlords and develop community leadership. We want you to help us do this!

This training workshop will give local community organisers the training and tools needed to build a renters' union in our city. We will learn how to build our union through outreach and recruitment, effective communications, and how to use people-power to fight back against exploitative landlords and have more say in how we run our communities. Most importantly, we will learn how to win!

This event is open to everyone - whether you are an experienced campaigner or a complete newbie. All that matters is that you want to make positive changes in our community and change the rigged system. 

However, spaces are limited so please reserve your place in advance on eventbrite.

https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/acorn-training-day-tickets-41365659802 

Any questions about the event or venue accessibility please contact brighton@acorncommunities.org.uk

ACORN is a renters' union, a community organisation, a support network, and anti-poverty organising group. Too many of us – renters, workers, families – are being treated as second class citizens. We want equality.

We’re organisers. We start from where we are: Skint. Facing the storm of this housing crisis. Living in low pay UK. We talk with others, whether on the doorstep or on Facebook. We come together, building union branches in our towns and cities, and we make plans to help each other – and fight for improvements. Then we act – and then we win.

ACORN has branches in many cities across the UK and is growing up and down the country to become the biggest mass movement renters' union trying to fix the broken housing system that leave many in poverty.

We can make things better here and now, but there are no easy fixes. We need a revolution in politics and the economy. One based on the slogan “solidarity is strength” and that ends in “the people shall rule” and “everything for everyone”.